README.md, before:

# AOTW_Week3

## Explanation and rules

AOTW is a recurring series I would like to try. The acronym stands for **App Of The Week**.
The premise is very simple: every week, I have a new assignment—an application of some sort.
The first few days are spent ensuring that the most basic functions of the app are acceptable.
This is the end goal. Once the main end goal has been reached, I add stretch goals.

**I must make at least one commit a day**, with the exception of Saturday and Sunday, which are optional.

---

## This week’s app is: :sparkles: a mini graphics engine :sparkles:
The base goal is to **Display objects** in a window with a proper viewing scale.
I should also be able to add and remove items from a scene.
Because this project might a while longer to complete I might stretch this out into week 4 as well.
Stretch goals will be added once the base functions are ready.

**Stretch goals will be added here:**  

---


## Progress
| **Day**       | **Progress**                                                   |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Monday:**   | Create a plan on how the engine is supposed to work with inputs|
| **Tuesday:**  |                                                                |
| **Wednesday:**|                                                                |
| **Thursday:** |                                                                |
| **Friday:**   |                                                                |
| **Saturday:** |                                                                |
| **Sunday:**   |                                                                |

Commit message:

Set up main function real quick
I didnt have a lot of time today so most of the real intense work will start tomorrow

README.md, after:

# AOTW_Week3

## Explanation and rules

AOTW is a recurring series I would like to try. The acronym stands for **App Of The Week**.
The premise is very simple: every week, I have a new assignment—an application of some sort.
The first few days are spent ensuring that the most basic functions of the app are acceptable.
This is the end goal. Once the main end goal has been reached, I add stretch goals.

**I must make at least one commit a day**, with the exception of Saturday and Sunday, which are optional.

---

## This week’s app is: :sparkles: a mini graphics engine :sparkles:
The base goal is to **Display objects** in a window with a proper viewing scale.
I should also be able to add and remove items from a scene.
Because this project might a while longer to complete I might stretch this out into week 4 as well.
Stretch goals will be added once the base functions are ready.

**Stretch goals will be added here:**  

---


## Progress
| **Day**       | **Progress**                                                   |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Monday:**   | Create a plan on how the engine is supposed to work with inputs|
| **Tuesday:**  | Create basic entry. Most of it was Ctrl C V from old projects  |
| **Wednesday:**|                                                                |
| **Thursday:** |                                                                |
| **Friday:**   |                                                                |
| **Saturday:** |                                                                |
| **Sunday:**   |                                                                |
